[Doc Feature][Screen share content to meeting][3438746] (#10143)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/build-apps-for-teams-meeting-stage.md

}, appContentUrl);
```

**Query parameter**

The following table includes the query parameters:

|Value|Type|Required|Description|
|---|---|----|---|
|`callback`| String | Yes | Callback contains two parameters, error and result. The *error* can contain either an error of type *SdkError* or null when share is successful. The *result* can contain either a true value if there's a successful share or null when the share fails. |
|`appContentURL`| String | Yes | The URL that is shared on to the stage. |

> | `sharingProtocol` | String | No | *collaborative* (default) or *screenShare* |

Reviewer: Could we have the same last two rows as the table below (line 282 and 283) instead of line 125 please?

Author: updated

  | `shareOptions`| Object | No | Defines additional sharing options.|
  |shareOptions.sharingProtocol | Enum | No | The screen sharing protocol. The supported values are `Collaborative` and `ScreenShare`. Default is `Collaborative`.|

                      // handle success
                      console.log(result);
                  }

                  if (err) {
                      // handle error
                      alert(JSON.stringify(err))
                  }
              }, appContentUrl,
                  // Optional shareOptions with sharingProtocol set to ScreenShare
                  {
                      sharingProtocol: microsoftTeams.meeting.SharingProtocol.ScreenShare
                  });
          });
      };
```

 ---

  | Value | Type | Required | Description |
  | --- | --- | --- | --- |
  |`callback` | String | Yes| Callback contains two parameters, error and result. The error can contain either an error of type SdkError or null when share is successful. The result can contain either a true value if there's a successful share or null when the share fails.|
  |`appContentURL`| String |Yes |The URL that is shared on to the stage.|
  | `shareOptions`| Object | No | Defines additional sharing options.|
  |shareOptions.sharingProtocol | Enum | No | The screen sharing protocol. The supported values are `Collaborative` and `ScreenShare`. Default is `Collaborative`.|

  > [!NOTE]

>   > If the value for the `sharingProtocol` property is set as `screenShare`, you don't need to declare any Resource-Specific Consent (RSC) permissions in the app manifest and don't need to set `MeetingStage` in the `getContext` object of the manifest.

Reviewer: For the API, it will always require the share to stage RSC permission because the developer is programmatically taking over the stage. Suggestion:

```suggestion
  > If the value for the `sharingProtocol` property is set as `screenShare`, you don't need to set `MeetingStage` in the `getContext` object of the manifest. Resource-Specific Consent (RSC) permissions are required in the app manifest for the `shareAppContentToStage` API, regardless of the `sharingProtocol` value used.
```

Author: updated

* **Signer**: This role can sign reviewed documents.
* **Reader**: This role can view the documents added to the meeting.

## Screen share content to meetings

> [!NOTE]
>
> * Only In-tenant or guest and external users with presenter or organizer role can initiate a sharing session.

> > * Share to stage using screen share isn't supported on Mac, classic Teams, or mobile.

Author: udpated

Users can screen share content to the meeting Stage in Teams using the screen sharing architecture. When a user shares an app to the meeting stage, the app is rendered only on the presenter’s device and then the screen is shared or mirrored to all other attendees in a new window. After the app content is shared in a meeting, the content can be viewed by all participants, but only the presenter has the ability to interact with the content, which provides a multi-player viewing experience.

:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/meeting-stage/screen-share-meeting-stage.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows an example of the meeting stage view for the presenter in the left and for the audience in the right." lightbox="../assets/images/meeting-stage/screen-share-meeting-stage.png":::

Users can screen share content to the meeting stage in the following scenarios:

> * **Share entire app**: When you share a tab to the Meeting Stage in a Teams meeting, the `contentUrl` associated with the tab is first embedded onto the presenter’s Meeting Stage and is screen shared with all other meeting participants. The `page.frameContext` property in the `getContext` object is set to `meetingStage` to signal the app that it's being presented on a large surface, allowing the app to update its content appropriately.

Author: updated
